well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about an
anniversary
and what the entire world
and specifically the united states
can learn from the events
that happened 75 years ago
given that it is the 75th anniversary i
would imagine that a whole lot of people
are going to be talking about this
subject i would imagine that there's
going to be a lot of
discussion about nuremberg today
and i think as is usually the case
people are going to focus on the aspect
of justice
which yeah that's that's worth
discussing obviously
but there's two other things that
occurred at nuremberg
that because of the gravity of the
situation
i think they often get overlooked
there's two other big points
the first is that
it was kind of the first time that the
international community
came together and said you know what
this is too much
this is too far you can't do this a
nation-state cannot do this
to the people in its geographic area
this is too much this is over the line
and it's interesting
because i mean that's a cool thing to
happen you know
a loud proclamation that this is too
much
but the countries that did it the soviet
union
uk france the u.s
is what happened in germany really that
dissimilar
from what happened in the colonies
of the uk or france i'm not talking
about how systematic it was
or the scale talking about the intent
was it really that different than what
the us did to the natives
or was doing to black folk in the south
or
really any minority group that came to
this country
the point being all governments
use force against their own people but
there was a line drawn 75 years ago
that said this is too much
this is too far you know the only thing
that really separates any organization
from a government is the perception
of the legitimate use of force that's
really it
i mean that's the difference between a
homeowners association and a city
but there was a line drawn
my question is after 75 years
is that still where the line is
or have we as a society as a world move
forward
has that line progressed as it should
are there things that are an affront
to all of humanity today
that weren't in 1945
have we progressed have we evolved
i think that when we think about this
we should probably try to define exactly
how much
force is allowable
how much force can a government use
against its own people
how horrible is a government allowed to
be
to the people within its geographic area
i think we need to come up with an
answer to that
for today i would hope
that it's uh
it's moved since 1945.
now the other point that
i think is incredibly relevant to the
united states
is yes you had the trials
justice all of that
but it also established a baseline of
facts
see there were things that occurred in
the preceding years
that a lot of people in germany didn't
want to address they didn't want to
confront that
who would want to can you blame them
but this trial put it out there
this is the chain of events as we know
it
this is the baseline of facts as we know
shoved it in their face
made them confronted made them look at
what was done in their name
and when they had to confront it they
had to address it
and once they addressed it they could
move forward
there is a whole lot of talk in the u.s
right now about
reuniting the country reconciliation
yeah it should happen absolutely
but we need a baseline of facts because
there may be some things done in the
preceding years
some things done in our name that we
need to confront
that we need to address that we need to
look at and say
are we okay with this being part of our
national character
and that's where that other question
comes in
because there were some things done over
the last few years
that to me aren't a front
and i think we need to address them now
i'm not suggesting we have nuremberg
style trials
backed in the us we can't but
a real accounting nothing swept under
the rug
all of the allegations looked into
and answered we have to know what
happened
in order to move forward we have to have
a baseline of facts
we can say this is what happened
now what are we going to do about it
how do we move forward
now
i am certain that today everybody
all over the world anybody that has any
sense of decency
is going to cry out never again as they
should
just remember that we don't have to uh
wait for things to get that bad
if you want never again we should move
that line
and keep moving it to make sure that
it's an affront
to all of humanity before it ever even
gets
close to what occurred then
then not only are we moving the country
forward
we're moving everybody forward
if we want to reclaim our position
as a world leader as a nation with some
form of moral authority
it's a pretty good step in that
direction
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day